fix: only run tangled mirror on main (+ tags and workflow dipatch) (#303)
trueberryless-org/workflow-files: .changeset/little-geese-kick.md

---
"template-files": patch
---

> Only run tangled mirror on main branch, errors otherwise.

Author: ```suggestion
Limit tangled workflow trigger to main branch and tags.
```
